[Music]
What's up my dearest lovers of the
heart well I hope you're
enjoying the day Anamaría the don
wants a completely crazy amount
to confirm his divorce with the bullfighter
okay about the divorce we've been
clear okay for a while what we
've also been very clear about the amount
what we don't know how much and how
things are going not how the game is going I'll
tell you after he subscribes jce
remind you all that it's absolutely
free click the subscribe button
and if you like the video click on the okay it
's also free according to Lea
Anamaría the don wants an
exorbitant amount to confirm his divorce
but nobody's going to give him what he's asking for I
think that they will end up giving it to him
okay let's inform him he says that the amount is too much
and that they won't give it to him because of
who he is and that it's too much and so on
no but I think that they will
end up giving it to him what happens is they will have to
negotiate and the package will be
bigger let's see there's talk of a package that
his representative is asking for the
representative is the one who's
managing everything okay now  I'll explain it would
be a package in which she
is asking for almost one hundred thousand euros one
hundred and seventy-something thousand for an
interview a fairly long interview
in which she tells the episodes and
confirms that she is divorced or that she is going to get
divorced or confirms the divorce and a
subsequent interview on the same
set or on another program on another day
where she develops the situation a little more
not the typical a Carrasco that's
why they call her the new Carrasco of
Telecinco no or at least the
aspiring Carrascos no here
lately what we're seeing is
Rocío Carrasco setting a precedent
that's going to bring us a parade of Rocío
Carrascos that well we're going to stop
detecting them this lady Ana María del
Don doesn't want the bullfighter okay the bullfighter
no doesn't dance the mambo that
she calls to dance and of course they are not at the
same pace of life nor in the same time
of life nor in the same
circumstances this lady said that she was not getting
divorced because she didn't want her son to
lose his rights okay it seems
that they've probably already told her that her son does not
lose  no rights if she gets divorced
she loses the money and the good life she
leads
to get divorced because she wants a
divorce because she's young and the
bullfighter is Kaka and Simon so now she
wants a divorce because she doesn't do anything with
that man at her side but she wants money you
know or so she must have said well let's
see I've put up with all these years
now that I saw myself and in the final stretch
now that I do as I see myself and there is no inheritance
and there is nothing here neither
inheritance nor my house in the same
lifestyle that I have been living this whole decade
so how does she want to get it how does she
want to separate from the bullfighter how does she want to
withdraw her life from the bullfighter's with a stroke
of the checkbook okay we've already been seeing
the interviews that the
exclusive corpse is giving in a magazine and now she
acquires the big prize the
big prize is an interview already of traca that
comes accompanied by this package and that
comes accompanied by many other things
that you see and that would come later
remember that after the milestones of I
would like a documentary then many
other things came
offers other interviews anyway between
one thing and another she gets together with the million
euros what they expect or at
least stay calm  that she's going to be
able to continue living off this, she knows, and
well, the son will always be the son,
realize that what she did was when they
started with all the stuff, the
controversy started to get ugly,
people already saw the coldness on the set of
'sálvame' fashion week, the coldness
isn't because there was often talk of a
crisis, of this, of that, but of course,
until you see them together, you don't
realize the reality, no matter how much you
suspect, the day they get in front of
the camera at sálvame fashion week and
that bullfighter arrives and gives her a super-duper kiss
on the face, we all said,
okay, listen, they understand each other and they're
together, they're not married or anything,
so since that's what she did,
the controversy begins, yes, yes, yes, if I don't take
some pictures with him eating an
ice cream, then I deny it, then, when
I'm really bad, the bullfighter reaches a point where he
calls, comes on the phone, into the
stupid program, he says he wants to be
left alone, and all of a sudden she
gets out of the way  He's removed from all
the programs, not even his program
Viva la Vida knows what's wrong with him, or if he knows
but he doesn't know, or if he knows but he
's in very bad shape, of course this is the
representative's business, the representative is the one who
says, no, no, now we're not picking up the phone, now that he's in
very bad shape, that you have a
medical report, okay, now the
medical report is removed with an interview
with Toñi Moreno, okay, with a stroke of the
pen, now he's got a psychological problem,
and he comes in saying that he was about to
hit rock bottom, come on, man, come on, man, sell,
sell the account to someone else, what do you see? These
are the same families, what do you think? Will they
give him those two hundred thousand
euros that he wants or not? Will they give them to him? A
huge hug and we'll see you in the
next video.
[Music]